This was made at the Bethel, this magazine too.
Here at Bethel, Bibles in many kinds of Bible-based publications are produced.
How are these publications produced?
The original scripts in English are sent from the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses in New York
and then are translated into Japanese by a translation team.
The translated scripts are neatly composed using maps, which was developed by Jehovah's Witnesses.
The composed electronic data are burned onto printing plates and sent for printing.
A tremendous amount of white paper will be turned into Bibles in publications containing the vital message.
This Bible literature is shipped continuously to meet the spiritual needs of people all over the world.
As we ship out box after box, we think of those who will receive them with happy smiles.
Can you read the first paragraph please?
There have been some great opportunities to talk about my beliefs.
E-publications have also been provided, which you can easily access through the official website of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Including many sign language programs, a variety of audio video programs has been produced.
To support the activities of Jehovah's Witnesses, various kinds of work are being done here at Bethel, such as preparation for conventions and assemblies.
Helping with the construction of kingdom halls, providing useful information on bloodless treatment,
and organizing disaster relief work.
Here at Bethel, you will see many working zealously, doing all kinds of work.
All of them are closely united so that they can give full support to our worldwide Bible educational work.
We are really pleased to see you here at Bethel.
It has been a privilege to provide you with a glimpse of some of the work being done at the Japan branch.